Add a better vision for the YouTube team to the Handbook (#16397)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/marketing/video.md

---
title: Overview
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

The YouTube team's mission is to:

- Increase awareness of PostHog, especially among people in our ideal customer profile, through content that is genuinely entertaining
- Help developers and PostHog users be more successful through, through content that is genuinely informative

> Our model is that of a [newsroom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Newsroom), not a marketing department, as it is for the rest of content. This meeans that we start from a place of producing great video first that stands alone, irrespective of its connection to PostHog and our products. We have found over the years that if we get this right, the marketing benefits naturally follow, but if we start from a marketing-first perspective, people are never as interested. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our model is that of content creators, not a marketing department, as it is for the rest of content. This means that we start from a place of producing great video first that stands alone, irrespective of its connection to PostHog and our products. We have found over the years that if we get this right, the marketing benefits naturally follow, but if we start from a marketing-first perspective, people are never as interested. 
```

I prefer content creators simply because newsroom is a kind of specific, more reactive vibe.

### Entertaining vs. informative

Videos exist on a spectrum from 100% entertaining to 100% informative. Some are in the middle and do a bit of both. Generally, when we are making a video, we should try to aggressively pursue one path only, as doing both is _extremely difficult_ - the most likely outcome is that we fail at both and end up with something that is ok. 

## What does success look like in 2026?

- We have a successful YouTube channel. Success means momentum. Momentum means a predictable publishing schedule of videos that fit our audience and brand, thousands of views per video, and a strong understanding of what works.
- Video that extends the reach of the brand. We have a consistent and well-oiled system for producing video that extends the reach of PostHog products, features, and the brand.
- We are a benchmark. People love what we do. They want to copy what we do. We are proud of our work. People on the internet cite our video as an example how to do video right.

## What we're working on

Going from most informative to most entertaining:

> - **Core brand assets:** We're starting with demo videos, and we'll expand from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Core brand assets:** Demo videos and short feature trailers that showcase cool things you can do in PostHog.
```

> - **Launch videos:** We've made [some already](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_SICQg2Wak), but we're still developing how we do these. The goal is to have a creative format that's repeatable and can be shot at (reasonably) short notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Launch videos:** The goal is to have a creative format that's repeatable and can be shot at (reasonably) short notice.
```

  - These can also easily be repurposed as ads
- **The Changelog:** Our goal is to produce a great changelog update every four weeks like [this one](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/XdHozF7JLT0).

>   - Also great as ads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
